
 - - - - - Introduction - - - - -

	At this stage in development, the project has undergone multiple sprints and has accumulated
enough progress to something something this report.


 - - - - - Overview - - - - -

	First-person wave surival game. Using zombies as the enemy of choice for simple contextual 
reasons (they can be found in large numbers in most interpretations, are not the strongest and 
are usually easy to explain why they exist).
	
	The gameplay loop will have the player spawn in with minimal gear, a level good enough to
survive, that can be used to build their arsenal and progress through higher and harder rounds.
The maps will be unlocked within these runs, requiring the player to effectively manage economy.
Furthermore, there will be other objectives that focus on a more straightforward questline at the
same time as the basic round progression. The questline is not required but allows for different
playstyles to be equally valid when playing. The questline will also likely link to the overarching
story of the game, providing context and answering questions. In addition, there will be some side
objectives (possibly secrets / easter eggs) that the player may find to also provide other 
benefits, likely to be cosmetic in some manner. All together, this should provide a varied
experience for any player. 

	The game takes inspiration from Left 4 Dead, Sker Ritual and the many entries in the Call of
Duty franchise that feature their Zombies game mode - the latter being the closest to what the
final product aims to be. 

	The target audience of the game will be akin to those of the games it takes inspiration from,
however with the intention of being more appealling to a greater scope of them through providing
the previously mentioned varied gameplay 'routes'. 


 - - - - - Design - - - - -
 
	The game will feature 3D models that are low-poly stylised. This is because they can easily be
found for free on online market places or even made from scratch. This has the added benefit of 
being better for the performance and final size of the game. Good effects and lighting will help to
accentuate the simple models and will provide an, while ultimately common, appealling visual style.

	The UI elements will be very angular and modern in appearance. They must be concise, clear and 
effective in order for the players to be able to use them well. Only necessary information will be
presented at the relevant times. In-game UI elements must refrain from being distracting to the
general gameplay experience.

	In the current state of the game, the story has not been fully developed as it is secondary to
the actual gameplay mechanics and systems. The story will predominantly be told through the
enviroments the player will explore, instead of being given through exposition dumps that may
overwhelm or confuse the player. 

	The game will feature multiple levels that will be thematically different, while still
maintaining the games core concepts and systems. These levels will not be overly complex, a reason
for why there will be more than 1 to begin. Multiple levels will allow for versatile replayability,
as well as attracting different people based on different maps. 

	The games controls are currently fairly standard for any first-person shooter that is played
with a keyboard and mouse. At the current stage of development, there is no other support for
controls, however it is something that will be implemented in the future. Support for controllers
is essential, as it not only allows for some people to play in they prefered way but more 
importantly is a good inclusion for accessibility. An even greater development of this would be to
include a customisation system for the games controls. This will give players the freedom to
configure the controls as they wish. 

	Unity was the engine chosen for this game. This is because preliminary research indicated that
more support and help was already established for this engine, something that was further supported
by the information provided by the lecture and lab materials. While support for Unreal is not
missing, it seemed like more support would be available for Unity. Furthermore, Unity has been the
engine of choice for many games in the same or adjactent genres and those of similar scales. The
only other potential engine for this game was Godot, as it is an engine I am familiar with and know
the most out of all the options. It was ultimately not chosen, yet again due to the available in 
person support being less than the support available for Unity. 


 - - - - - Implementation - - - - - 
 
	Essential systems to that establish the game as being a first-person shooter were implemented
as soon as possible. This includes basic camera and movement controls. After this had been done,
systems relating to health and enemies began alongside simple UI development. 